I'm meeting a tame raccoon with a
fitting name so this is rascal and I put
a test for her that's going to
demonstrate how amazing she is at using
her extremely sensitive and dexterous
paws this tunnel has three separate
compartments each with a different type
of NOC that rascal must use her pores to
open each time she gets through there's
a small treat for her
this last gate is going to be the
biggest challenge she's going to have to
stick her arm through the door and
unlock it using only her sense of touch
so let's see how rascal gets on
come on Roscoe you can do it
[Music]
she's through number two but this one's
a bit more tricky problem-solving like
this requires real brain power
but then raccoons are as smart as some
monkeys and research has shown they can
even remember how to open different
locks after more than a year but has
this lock Fox - rascal this final one
she can't actually see so she's relying
purely on her sense of touch
raccoons paws are packed full of sensory
receptors and the part of their brain
that processes this information is much
larger than in most mammals Wow rascal
take a bow
[Music]
[Applause]
you